对等连接词与对等子句

1. The Yangtze River, the most vital source of irrigation water across the width of China and [an] important as a transportation conduit as well, has nurtured the Chinese civilization for millennia.

2. Scientists believe that hibernation is triggered by decreasing environmental temperatures, food shortage, shorter periods of daylight, and hormonal activity.

3. Smoking by pregnant women may slow the growth of and generally harm the fetus.

4. Rapid advances in computer technology have enhanced the speed of calculation, the quality of graphics, the fun with computer games while lowering prices.

5.  Population density is very low in Canada, the largest country in the Western Hemisphere and the second largest in the whole world.

6. Once the safty concerns over the new production procedure were removed and its superiority to the old one being proved, there was nothing to stop the factory from switching over.

7. Worker bees in a honeybee hive assume various tasks, such as guarding the entrance, serving as sentinel and sounding a warning at the slightest threat, and exploring outside the nest for areas rich in flowers and consequently, nectar.

8. Shi Huangdi of the Qin dynasty built the Great Wall of China in the 3rd century BC, a gigantic construction that meanders from Gansu province in the west through 2,400 km to the Yellow Sea in the east and ranges from 4 to 12 m in width.

9. The large number of sizable orders suggests that factory operations are thriving, but the low-tech nature of the processing indicates that profit margins will not be as high as might be expected.

10. Not only is China the world's most populous state but it is also the largest market in the 21st century.

11. New radio stations are either overly partisan, resulting in lopsided propaganda, or completely apolitical, shirking the media's responsibility as a public watchdog.

