1. Ving
    - While he was lying on the couch. the boy fell asleep.
    - While lying on the couch, the boy fell asleep. While可以省略，因为While没有表示更多的意思

    - Because we have nothing to do here, we might as well as go home.
    - Having nothing to do here, we might as well go home.

    - As I am a student, I can't afford to get married.
    - As a student, I can't afford to get married.
    - Being a student, I can't afford to get married.

    - Before He was in school, he used to be a naughty child.
    - Before beinng in school, he used to be a naughty child. before,since,after 常用于介词,后面只能加名词.

    - After he wrote the letter, he put it to mail.
    - Having written the letter, he put it to mail.

    - The child already sleeping soundly in bed, her mother came to kiss her goodnight.
    
2. Ven
    - After he was shot in the knee, he couldn't fight.
    - Shot in the knee, he couldn't fight. After可以不留，因为Shot 表示已经中枪.

    - Although he was shot in the knee, he killed three more enemy soldiers.
    - Although shot in the knee, he killed three more enemy soldiers. Although 不能省略
    - Shot in the knee, he still killed three more enemy soldiers. still 替换 Although

    - Because they had been warned, they proceeded carefully.
    - Having been warned, they proceeded carefully.
    - Warned, they proceeded carefully.

3. Be

    - When you are under attack, you must take cover immediately.
    - When under attack, you must take cover immediately.
    
    - While it is small in size, the company is very competitive.
    - While small in size, the company is very competitive.

    - Although he was a doctor by training, Asimov became a writer.
    - Although a doctor by training, Asimov became a writer.

4. 改为介词片语

    - When she arrived at the party, she found all the people gone.
    - Upon arriving at the party, she found all the people gone.

    - The construction work was delayed because it had been raining.
    - The construction work was delayed because of rain.

    - Although he opposed it, the plan was carried out.
    - Despite his opposition, the plan was carried out.

    - If there should be a fire, the sprinkler will will be started.
    - In case of a fire, the sprinkler will be started.

    - Because the exam is only a week away, I have no time to waste.
    - With the exam only a week away, I have no time to waste.


