A common person’s education in China

Education is important in the world, there is no exception in China. A graduation certificate of college is the first requirement for most of good jobs even better lives. However, the education of my generation is some kind of wrong.

There were not so much fun in my childhood and elementary school time. My parents did not receive much education like others in their age, but they finally realised the importance of education later.  So my brother and I suffered from the stress from them all through our childhood. Everyone seemed in the same situation. As a student I did not have to have any special talents but a high score in my final season exam. As a result I could not accept a low score, and I pushed myself hard. Once I got a C plus, I cried because my teacher ordered me to let my parents sign in on the exam paper. I did not know what was wrong.

Things didn’t change in middle school. I had to do plenty of homework which seemed never end. The score was more and more important, because the final exam of middle school decided which high school I would go. I always studied hard to the midnight and I put on my first glasses. Then I started thinking what I am fighting for. Parents and teachers told me this is the best way to change my life. I doubted it. I did not even have a image of my future life. 

The high school was a nightmare for me which I never wanted to experience again. Students were trained under the half-military-style management. The wake up time was 5:30 am and the sleep time was 10:00 pm. There were 10 classes a day. We literally do not have weekend and we got only one day to go home per month. We stuck with the books all day except the eating time. We run to get food and run back in case of punishment from my teacher. We were crazy persons, but no one had time to think about it.

I graduated from high school with a passable score, then I was sent to a college. Suddenly no body talk about studying again. I felt like a person just released from prison. I started to experience a new life.  I played video games, skipped classes, and I read the great books from the world. Besides, I had time to think my learning life before. As I conclude, a lot of people in China share limited resources, so we face a intense competition from birth. However, we have a only way to change our life, because of all kind of reasons. The first is history reason. The education and exam is used to control the country from 1000 years ago, which turned out to be a very effective method, so it is still used today. The next reason is that the government fails to act. The government in China has much more power than western countries’, so they don’t have to work hard to improve the current situation. As a result, the colleges are not enough for so much students. At the same time, a person can not get a good job if you have not attended the college. 

Now I have worked for about 3 years. I am not a nut as before. I have a clear goal of my life. There is one thing I do get from my early learning experience is self-discipline, which I will benefit for my life. 
