1. Ving
    - That I drink good wine with friends is my greatest enjoyment.
    - That I am drinking good wine with friends is my greatest enjoyment.
    - Drinking good wine with friends is my greatest enjoyment.

    - Many husbands enjoy that they do the cooking.
    - Many husbands enjoy doing the cooking.

    - He got used to working late into the night.

    - His favorite pastime is that he goes fishing on weekends.
    - His favorite pastime is going fishing on weekends.

	主词不能省略时 S+V+O+C

    - I imagined that a beautiful girl was singing to me.
    - I imagined a beautiful girl singing to me.

	所有格

    - That he calls my girlfriend every day is too much for me.
    - His calling my girlfriend every day is too much for me.

	被动
    - That anyone is called a liar is the greatest insult.
    - Being called a liar is the greatest insult.

    - I am looking forward to being invited to the party.

	动词时be动词时

    - That one is a teacher requires a lot of patience.
    - Being a teacher requires a lot of patience.

2. to V
    - The children expect that they can get presents for Christmas.
    - The children expect to get presents for Christmas.

    - I want that you should go.
    - I want you to go.

    - That the Clippers should beat the Lakers was quite a marvelous feat.
    - For the Clippers to beat the Lakers was quite a marvelous feat.

    - I don't know what I should do.
    - I don't know what to do.

3. to V 与 Ving 的比较
    to V 表示应该做但是没做；将要做；希望做
    Ving 表示确定发生的事.

    - He forgot to see his dentist that day.
    - He forgot seeing the man before.

    - I love driving on the freeway.
    - I would love to drive to work in my own car.
